Introduction:
It is clear that cars are a significant part of many people’s lives, and it is not a rare situation that someone decides to buy or sell car but no one fully understands all the factors that influence the most important part - the price he should sell/buy car.
For example, most people know some basic things like if car is almost new, there is a high chance that it will be more expensive, if the mileage is big, it will decrease the price of car and etc.
But the relationships between all of these factos are not so clear. Someone might think that engine type and brand are the most crucial price determiners.
However, this assumption might be false when we consider some underpowered or fragile but antique cars that are sold for millions of dollars.
It is obvious that price of car is shaped by multiple factors and 1 main determinant does not exist. 
In this project, I aim to create a model that will help people to determine the optimal price for any car. With help of such tools as Pandas, Matplotlib, Numpy and Seaborn, I will deeply analyze data
Firsly, I would like to tell about each aspect I have information about in my dataset:
    Brand:
The brand refers to the mark of a car, such as Ferrari, Volvo, Lexus, etc. It represents the manufacturer or company that produces the vehicle.
    Name:
The name corresponds to the specific model of car brand, such as Tahoe Premier, Ghost, etc.
    Drivetrain:
Provides information about how a vehicle delivers power from its engine to the wheels - four-wheel drive, all-wheel drive etc
    Exterior color:
Provides information about the color of the vehicle’s exterior paint
    Interior color:
Provides information about the color of the vehicle’s interior paint
    Fuel Type:
Specifies the type of fuel the vehicle uses for its movement, such as gasoline, electric, hybrid, etc.
    Year:
Shows the year when vehicle was produced.
    VIN:
Provides the Vehicle Identification Number, a unique code assigned to every vehicle during manufacturing. 
    Mileage:
Shows to the total distance the vehicle has traveled, measured in miles.
    Transmission:
Shows the type of transmission system in the vehicle, for example, automatic or manual.
    Price:
Shows the cost of the vehicle.
    Engine technologies:
Gives the information about technologies used while making engine(GDI, OHV, MPFI etc).
    Engine Characteristics:
Shows the total volume and number of all the cylinders in the engine. It is  measured in liters and provides information about the engine's size.
    Source:
The link that directs to the website from which the information about car was taken
    TimeStamp:
Time when the information about the car was put into the dataset.
Lets take a look at our dataset now